(mysterious music)
For those of you curious about the nature of
extraterrestrials or off planet cultures as they're
sometimes called, James Gilliland's ranch
up in Oregon is a refuge.
A couple of times a year James invites people from
around the world to join him in watching the night
skies for anomalous events and UFO's.
And invites speakers to speak about all the issues
surrounding the notion of earth as a part
of a galactic civilization.
Scott and I had a wonderful time at this year's
ECETI event and spoke with James about the nature
of some of the types of beings that visit the ranch.
James, it's so wonderful to see you again and to be...
I haven't been out here for, I think a decade.
It was 2001 last time I was out at the ranch.
Oh yeah?
And oh my God, what a magical place.
A lot of changes since then.
A lot of changes and Mt. Adams hasn't changed.
No.
The zinging by of craft overhead hasn't changed.
No, they're still here.
But it's as sweet as can be and a lot more people
are showing up, you've really put it together.
Yes.
And one of the things I think that draws people,
is on your website you have these incredible images.
Mmhmm.
Of phasing-in beings.
You can say ascended master-beings.
That you've captured on film and others have
captured on film.
Just talk a little bit about this place
and what's phasing in here.
And give us some of the examples of what
people have captured.
This weekend people here captured
so many things, I've seen some of the, just the photos
and the footage and everything was just phenomenal.
I can't wait until it all gets put together so I can see
all of it, but some of the most brilliant and thick orbs
I've ever seen like pink and gold with lion faces and
things like that, have been in very clear, bright images.
That the UFO's came in as usual and we got a lot of footage
of the UFO's coming in and powering up and doing their...
Lot more than ten years ago.
Yeah, yeah.
Lot more.
And then the first night, Friday night, was just insane.
They just kept coming and coming, big ships, really low.
And we got a lot of that on film.
But as far as the other manifestations here, we've had
a Quanion actually manifest.
And they start off as this...
Light starts to appear, all these little light spheres
start to appear and they coalesce and all of a sudden
it turns into this image of a being.
And we had Quanion was photographed through that
whole phase, three phases of manifestation.
It was magnificent imaging.
Yeah, and Kahn, who's kind of a Buddhist monk came here
and he was one that took those pictures.
And then after he took that picture I asked him to
meditate on Cazikula being that I work with.
Which is just, comes, as a pure golden light of energy.
And he does 21 day dark retreats.
And so his third eye is wide open, he can see these beings.
And somehow he gets them on his camera as well.
So he went out there and meditated and Cazikula
appeared to him and he took a picture.
And he got this huge golden ball of light with wings on it.
And in the background, in this field right here, is where
he took it, it looks like Jerusalem in the background.
It's really...
Isn't that amazing.
Yeah.
Almost holographic.
Like phasing-in from some other field.
And Cazikula is an ascended version Ezekiel.
Ezekiel merged with Kassia, a feminine energy
and ascended, so I thought that was interesting.
And then he took some pictures of some feline beings
that we've been working with.
Some six dimensional felines appeared to him.
And you can see this energy cross start to appear.
And all this beautiful pink energy kind of starts to appear
and then all of a sudden pops in, these felines.
And he said they were 12 to 14 feet tall.
Very tall feline beings.
And in his own words, when they appeared to him, he goes,
"Aww, so holy, so holy."
You know, like this, and then after that he goes,
"sexy body" you know, like this, which was really funny.
We still have the human mojo going on at the same time.
Yeah, yeah exactly.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
Well, talk, you know...
I really resonate with the information that Cazekiel
has brought through to you.
It's very near and dear to a lot of what I find
and have found over the last couple decades
to have truth in it.
And so it's no surprise that you're here in this place
and that these other beings are coming through.
Because you look at them in a very loving
and non-threatening manner.
And that makes all the difference.
Mmhmm.
Compared to what could be happening up here.
Oh yeah.
Under other guidance.
Yeah.
So let's talk about the nature, as you say, of the feline
beings, you've mentioned the Arcturions and other beings
that have been here.
Let's talk about the nature of the kind of beings that you
have witnessed, others have witnessed, and are working
with the energies here.
So people can get a reflection other than
Hollywood's version.
Oh yeah, yeah.
The thing about that is that the mind in which you seek
is the mind in which you connect.
So, and through guiding the mind, it's sad, but Hollywood
is just promoting this fear and againstness
and separation game.
And you know, fear and suspense is what they capitalize on.
So the real story, the real picture, is mostly benevolent.
The vast majority of it is all benevolent.
And if people need to be afraid of something, they should
be really looking within and at our own species here.
And how we treat each other and the planet.
And how we react to things that are different from us.
I mean that's where the real aggressive, fearful things
are going on.
So it's important to realize that, is that when you master
your fears and you master your old wounds and traumas
and your ignorance and things like that, then you're ready
to contact these other beings.
Because, you know, they've already mastered themselves.
That's why they're coming from the higher dimensions.
They're very beautiful, exquisitely loving beings.
And you know if you're gonna chase around
the fear and suspense program and see everything
as a threat and everything's gonna come down and
eat your brains and turn you into human pilaf.
And some bugs are gonna invade and all these
other programs that they have going...
I think we have a new Transformer movie coming on.
Big metal beings are going to...
Oh yeah.
Grab and just...
Yeah and you know people need to get out of that program.
You know what's really sad is that they don't do a movie,
you know, just the truth is so outrageous.
And so much more intriguing.
Yeah.
And beautiful, I've never understood why doesn't
Yeah, exactly.
Hollywood do this?
Yeah, why don't they do...
I mean the closest they got was maybe E.T. and Cocoon.
Well and Close Encounters a little bit.
Yeah, but now they've shifted it into E.T. biting
heads off and you know E.T. turns out to be this
nasty, aggressive race.
And you know they've...
War of the Worlds and all these other things
they're promoting.
I think they've got, I haven't seen it, but something Battle
for LA, or there's three or four others out there now.
And they're all geared around E.T's trying to come
down and pretty much destroy the planet.
Yeah, walked out of that one after about five
or ten minutes, I thought I am not going to even subject
myself to this bull.
Yeah and I don't even go to see them either.
I don't think, you know, you look at what Mel Gibson
did with several things.
You know, one with the...
Oh Signs?
Signs, yeah.
And his movie about Christ, it was pretty bad too.
I mean it promotes this enlightenment through suffering
and all this other program going.
You know the separation game.
And the crops circles.
Yeah.
To take the crop circles and make such a damaging
message out of that.
Yeah we warned you, you know, like crop circles
are warning that they're coming to eat us.
It's just like...
The reality and you know this creates a real schism
within the psyche of human beings.
And I guess that's the intention.
Yeah.
Because when people go out, when they...
Even if you just look at a picture of a crop circle,
immediately you find the mind and the heart opening.
And it's such an exquisite experience.
And then to take that and assign such a negative
message to it, I really...
I mean this is no secret and our viewers are certainly
on board with us on this one.
This is intentional to create this kind of schism.
Especially as we're awakening.
It definitely is, the schism thing has been going on.
The schism game you might say, has been going
on since the beginning of time basically.
Yes.
Especially with the Bible, you know, when you read
the old testament, you have this real jealous, wrathful God.
Nobody could appease.
He's a genocidal maniac.
You know, he wants everybody to sacrifice their kids.
You know, destroy these whole villages.
Kills all the men, women, and children.
Bashes their heads out on rocks until their brains fall out.
Mmhmm.
You know stories like this, and this is in the Bible,
you read this story and you're going wait a second,
this old testament, this guy was not a happy camper.
And he didn't really care much for his kids either.
I mean what father would do that to their kids, come on.
I felt that in Sunday school when I was five.
Yeah.
This doesn't make sense.
Exactly, and then you have the new testament.
And then you have Jesus coming in and he's saying,
"I'm bringing a new covenant."
Which means the old program is over with.
And he's aligned with a whole different being.
And this being is supposed to be the God of love and peace.
And he's non-judging, all-forgiving.
Jesus says, "Neither do I judge thee, nor does my Father
"judge thee, just stop doing what you're doing.
"Stop sinning, you know, stop screwing up."
And basic action, reaction you know.
He's explaining that.
And so anyway, the schism game is going back,
all the way back to then.
When these beings were here passing themselves
off as God, who had names, had bodies.
You know, they ate food, they ate fruit.
You know, it was pretty...
We need to really look at that.
These other dimensional entities.
I think the hard thing, or at least interdimensional
entities, and this whole notion of multi-dimensionality,
I don't think has been properly explored when it comes
to the E.T. realm.
Exactly.
And a common understanding, because if you're here and
you're eating food, you're in a third dimensional vehicle.
Mmhmm.
This is not a coming from an ascended or higher
dimensional realm to begin with.
Mmhmm.
And that's not something we tend to look at yet,
because we've shied away from the notion
of multi-dimensionality.
Yeah, why does a spirit need to eat?
Why would God need your fatty calves?
Exactly.
And your grains and your fruit and your incense.
And all your other stuff.
I said, come on, you know think about it.
And so in ancient days, the gig was that hop down
to the earth bed and breakfast, right, and do a few
tricks, pass yourself off as a God.
Or an angel or whatever.
Scare the people.
You know, and snag a few daughters here and there.
And you know, basically they just took care of you.
You were a God basically.
Because they are very primitive.
And they saw everything they couldn't understand
if they saw some abilities or technologies that were not
part of their reality.
They had no reference points for 'em, so you were
a God basically.
And there were self-serving Gods that came here.
And there were some very loving, serving God beings
that came here, but I'm talking about the little g now.
The little g, we're talking about E.T.'s.
Other species from other places.
Yeah and I always ask about that.
You know, first of all, why are these gods male?
You know, did they have a mother?
And basically who created them?
Yes, who created them?
Yet at the same time, as you say, this schism has
persisted, it's a little more...
It's dressed up differently.
Mmhmm.
It's a little more sophisticated in the way that
the message comes now.
But it's the same message and the schism still exists.
Yeah, the most disempowering message I've ever
heard was the message of the Savior.
You know, that's going to come and do everything for you.
Clean up all your messes.
And relieve you of personal choice
and personal responsibility.
And it just doesn't work that way.
I mean there are teachers and healers.
There's people here that can help us along the way,
but ultimately it all points back to self responsibility
and self-awareness basically.
Yes, let's go back now as we started to a little
bit ago and look at the nature of some of the beings.
And I choose to speak to you about this specifically.
Because of your openness and your open-heartedness.
And as a result of that, you've had a fair amount of contact
with a lot of different kinds of beings.
Give us a little tour through the cosmos and the kind
of beings that are coming here.
Where they're from, what their characteristics are,
in terms of what they're bringing to...
Yeah, well I'll go from the bottom to the top, how's that?
Yeah that sounds good.
So basically, living on a vortex here, the veils
are very thin.
And when you do your practices, you start seeing
through the veils and you see what's happening
on a multi-dimensional level.
And some of the low level things that are going on
are you know, we have some of the greys and the reptilians
and things like that.
And those are all depicted in ancient paintings
and pyramids and things like that.
They show the different levels of beings.
And then in the astral level, what we call, they are
the fourth dimension, they're in that realm.
And they can influence you because they have
non-physical bodies, they have mental and emotional bodies.
But they don't have physical bodies in that realm,
in the fourth dimension, so they can influence us
through our mental and emotional bodies.
And a lot of thoughts and feelings and things of that nature
aren't ours, we're getting input.
So you know, you have discarnate people,
all kinds of things in the fourth dimension.
So that's the dimension where things go bump in the night.
You know, the kind of crazy stuff.
And once people are hallucinating off and having a dark
trip or experience, they're tripping around in that
lower astral realm.
Let's talk about, just for a moment, as you ascend up here.
Mmhmm.
With the reptilians and the grays, do you align
those particular beings...
Has been done quite a bit, with some of the
controlling influences on the planet?
I mean do you think that that's where they're aligned more?
There is, there's definitely an alliance that happened.
You know, with some of the rogue elements of the government.
You might say that people don't even know about that,
that are actually running the show.
I call 'em the powers at war.
Yes, I love that.
'Cause yeah they were the powers that be,
but they're folding, they're imploding on themselves
due to what's happening on the planet right now.
Mmhmm.
And that's very thick, that combination together,
with some of the black ops military stuff.
You know, whatever you wanna call it, it's like
the rogue military covert stuff.
So they would be more aligned with the astral realm
entities, the reptilians, the grays.
Exactly.
And that's how you see it as well.
And the elite too, they do ceremony to bring that in.
Yes, absolutely.
They connect with these entities to gain
power over others.
The bottom line is love is the ultimate power.
It empowers, it never over powers, it serves.
And so really they've trapped themselves into
a very low level.
They're very spiritually poor.
And they're not very evolved beings.
Although they may have money and power and things
like that, they're extremely poor.
Yes.
On everything else.
And so that's one thing going on.
But we really stay on top of that and keep
the energies clear here by inviting the more
benevolent energies in.
Did you know the energy here is so pristine,
people are having amazing experiences and dream time.
And you feel as though as you go to sleep at night,
is when it all begins.
It's just almost like fairies floating around you.
And doing their little healing work.
It's really sublime, I just...
Anybody come up here and at least camp,
even if they can't make it to the conference.
But, okay so, we've covered that part which I think
is important to settle as a base.
Mmhmm.
Because that's a question that would be coming up.
Let's go now, the next notch up.
Okay, so the next notch up, when you get out
of the little more clarity on the fourth dimension,
in the low levels of the fourth dimension, you have
you know the things that go bump in the night.
Or whatever, they dump on you too.
Yeah that too.
But they, you know, that's where you have the low
level astral beings, morbid.
As I was saying, kind of demonic.
Low level E.T.'s, whatever kind of stuff, reptilians.
Which the military interphases with quite a bit.
And then as you move up, you have everyday
Bob, Joe, Sue that died, you know, that crossed over.
And they're just hanging out.
In the mid-levels, you might say, getting ready
for their next reincarnation.
And when you get into the higher astral levels,
you have teachers and guides and things like that.
But they're still stuck.
They're stuck on the wheel.
And the reason they're stuck is because they have
some religious or cultural belief or something that
creates separation, they're not in unity consciousness.
So they haven't evolved beyond that to see the God
in every one and every thing, including themselves you know?
Mmhmm.
And become one with that source.
So they're still on the wheel, so their teachings
are going to be limited, you know, but they can help.
Yes, that's an important distinction.
They can help, they can see and maybe add a little
more perspective than what you may have in that moment.
Mmhmm.
Yeah.
And you know, like if Bob at Bob's garage
or something like dies, right?
And you can't fix your car and your stuck, well you know,
if you tune into Bob, Bob could probably...
Bob will give you a hint.
Show you what to do.
Yeah and that's true on many levels.
But Bob might be an alcoholic too.
So next thing you know, you're having a real strong...
And that's a good point, because a lot of times these
beings are very eager to still be of service
and participate with the people that are incarnate
at that time.
And it just, as you say, might be of limited service.
Yeah and so Bob might wanna vicariously
have a few beers through you.
Haha, yeah.
So you have to watch out for that.
And that's one of the things we teach here.
We teach how to heal unseen negative influences.
How to sense and clear these energies.
And that's one of the first things we teach here.
Even before meditation or anything.
So that's imperative you know, that people learn that.
Yes.
But going out of the fourth, you get beyond the fourth
dimension, then you start getting to the
fifth dimensional beings.
And those beings...
That's the level where, I hate to use the word God,
because it's so screwed up right now, you know?
But that's the level where the source knows itself
to be man or woman and men or women know
themselves to be this source, they've merged.
So it's a unification level.
Mmhmm.
And on that level, you know you're shifted
into pure service mode.
You're here just to serve, you're off the wheel.
You choose to incarnate, you don't have to incarnate.
You know, it's like...
Mmhmm.
It's like your finished, you know, basically.
And you can move on from there to the sixth, seventh
and whatever you dimensions you wanna go.
Well now, what about beings from off-planet cultures?
From that dimensional realm.
How would they appear?
Or do you know beings from the fifth dimension then?
That's a lot of what we work with, is there are some
fifth dimensional Pleiadians that come here that
look just like us.
Mmhmm.
You know they're just...
Or should we say we look just like them?
Oh yeah, like a frequency.
You know, they have a higher frequency.
So they're exquisite, they're...
You fall in love with them as soon as you meet them.
You know, 'cause they're exuding this love.
And they're just so...
They just exude this giddy bliss energy, you know?
It's just really fun to be around them.
And when they're communicating their messages
to you and the people that are out here, what's the
nature of what they're passing to you?
You know the main message that they've given
is they want us to release the past.
And they said the past is creating our tomorrow.
So all of our old wounds and traumas and grudges
and unforgiveness that we're carrying within us,
is creating our tomorrow.
And so they're very active right now in helping us
both individually clear those patterns
and heal those patterns.
But also, the earth itself.
Including what psychometrized into the earth.
Yes.
They're moving, they're cleaning up those energies too.
So you know, if you walk into an area where there's a battle
happened, like a Native American battle or any kind
of battle, you walk in there, and you just go, oh God.
You know, you feel the energy.
And you just go, "What happened?"
Absolutely.
You know if you're sensitive.
And so there's places where just really
old consciousness, that's no longer applicable,
is ingrained in the land.
You know a good example is the Dome of the Rock.
Oh yes I've been there.
Well what people don't realize, is that there was
a Saurian ship that dropped in on that.
Okay now, the videos that we saw.
There were three different people captured
them that I saw.
Mmhmm, yeah.
Let's talk about that for a minute.
That was amazing, that was enchanting.
And what they do is they'll have the real videos
come on and then they'll flood it with fake ones.
That's basically what the YouTube does
and the government does, right?
Well the first ones, the fresh ones,
that came out were amazing.
They were exquisite, exactly.
And I asked, I go, what was that about, you know?
What was that about?
And they told me and said they just dropped in
and they completely shifted the energy over there.
And if you think about the Dome of the Rock and the
Wailing Wall, that's an old, old consciousness that is so...
So much suffering.
Yeah, and trained and stuck in there.
And the energy just needs to be shifted and changed.
Because that place is actually holding that energy.
It's holding the rest of the planet down from evolving
and going to the next level.
So any place where the energy's really dense and heavy
and a lot of energy psychometrized in the land that's
not evolving, is that they came down and they just
totally shifted that energy there.
So we have to get rid of any kind of attachment
to suffering?
Mmhmm.
Any attachment to suffering at the hands of others
or perpetuating suffering on to others.
Exactly, or you know experiencing God through suffering.
Yes, exactly.
You know things like that, you know, and it's
ultimate expression basically, God is just pure bliss.
Yeah.
So how does suffering...
Does God want you to suffer?
No, you know.
So that was an amazing...
I love that, we posted that the second we saw it.
It just made us giddy to watch that, the E.T. experience,
the UFO experience over there.
Oh yeah.
So that was one example you say where they're
starting to work with the land itself.
Beginning to help release some of the trauma
that's embedded in the land.
Exactly.
Psychometrized into the land as you say.
And they're working on the grids you know?
There's energy grids here and grids of consciousness
and collective consciousness.
And so they're working on those grids and
just by them being here, their consciousness
is changing the grid.
And they're also doing it with the natural flows.
You know, they're very much behind the ninth wave
of unity consciousness, that the Mayans talk about.
You know, they work with nature and they work
with these natural flows.
And the natural evolutionary processes as well.
So I asked some of the Mayan...
You know I was talking about the Mayan calendar
and asked Carl Calleman about it.
I said what...
You know, I said I pretty much know where the
Mayan calendar came from, but I'd love for you to ask
you know, Carl where did it come from?
Where did you get it?
I mean whoever made this calendar had total
time travel capabilities.
They could forward or backward in time.
They knew the natural cycles, they knew everything.
And he said the Platians gave it to us.
Very interesting, you know I wanna bring this up,
this is perfect.
About a year ago I had a conversation with Jose Aguillas
and we were talking about the calendar.
But we went into a place that he doesn't
normally go into, certainly not on camera.
And he said, there was...
The reason the Mayan calendar's important is because
the Gregorian calendar took us away from a natural
flow of time and space.
The Gregorian calendar was inserted into
consciousness, into culture to break us from
the natural rhythms.
Again, part of creating schisms.
Mmhmm.
And I asked him and I said are you talking about
from external forces?
He said, absolutely, that it was inserted
by a particular species to keep us within
this broken reference of time.
Of broken reference of natural cycles.
And that the Mayan calendar and it's resurgence
was really here at this time to help put us back
into the natural flow.
Exactly.
And that makes total sense.
And another thing the Pleiadians were saying,
they said that this planet was actually
created as an Eden.
For evolution to reach it's highest level
in the third dimension.
That was what it was created for.
And so for not just the people here to evolve to the
highest level of evolution, but their highest potential,
but the plants and animals and everything else.
You know it's a major biological zoo.
There's genetics from at least twelve
different star nations here.
Including human genetics as well.
And the genome experiment has brought that out.
Although they keep trying to cover it up.
But my nephew worked on the Genome experiment
so I know what's going on there.
Care to share anything?
Just worth dropping it in.
Well basically he said that you know, there's no way
that all the genetics both human and plant and everything
else could've happened naturally.
I mean things evolve, but they said at the time
it would take for things to come about, there's extreme
diversity and everything else.
And what they're seeing in the human genome as well
that there is a lot of tinkering going on and a lot
of things brought here.
And that's coming from the world of science.
Yeah, exactly.
I just wanted to let you say that.
Yeah now they're saying, okay you know, a lot
of things were brought here, they didn't evolve
naturally on this planet.
And there's been a lot of tinkering with
genetics here on every level.
Okay so the Pleiadians, that's a wonderful
vision and understanding of what the
Pleiadians are bringing.
I mean when you get into some of Dolores Cannon's
work and some of the deep, deep past and some
reparations that are being done supposedly.
That's a very lovely place to come to.
And what they said is that there's a new
shift that's happened, where they're gonna return.
And they're gonna restore the planet back on it's
original setting, which is nice.
And you know, all the prophecies talk about this.
All the Native American prophecies.
Everywhere you go, they talk about this
huge shift that happens.
And they're part of that shift.
And it's also a natural cycle too.
It's an evolutionary cycle, but they're helping
getting things back on track again.
Mmhmm.
How tall are the beings?
The Pleiadians when they're viewed.
Yeah the ones that I've seen are, most of them
are a little taller than we are.
Mmhmm.
You know, a little taller.
They're very genetically refined.
You know very beautiful.
Very beautiful.
And those are the ones that are in our dimension.
There are some that are much taller.
There's some beings out there that are much taller.
Some beings are eight feet tall, you know.
Some are even bigger than that.
I mean they found footprints of beings
that are 30 feet tall.
Absolutely.
And some of the ancient Larians were 24 feet tall
to 27 feet tall, so...
Yes.
So when you adjust to the planet, when you go to
a planet even if you are a very big being,
there's something that happens where you adjust
to the planetary energies.
To scale?
You scale to what's necessary for that experience.
Exactly.
So is there anything more on the Pleiadians
or do we want to continue on?
Maybe to...
What I thought was interesting and I'll share
an experience with you.
I connect with this being.
And we are multi-dimensional beings so we have
other lives going on.
Which is really interesting.
And I connected this being, I'm very connected to her
by the name of Plumeria.
And so I'm going...
And when I was in Hawaii I kept smelling these flowers,
Plumeria, and I would just go off on them.
It's a beautiful scent.
I go, God I just love this scent.
I don't know why, I can't figure out why I'm
so enamored with this scent.
And then you know I didn't even know
about the flower, you know, before.
And then I found out this female that I just fell
in love with basically was her name was Plumeria.
And I'm really connected to her on another level.
There's another thing going on another level there.
Now is this a human person?
Yeah.
Okay.
Pleiadian, she's Pleiadian basically.
Yeah.
And so I asked her, I said well why did
they name you Plumeria like this?
And she said my father created it.
Aww.
And so I said, your father's been around
a long time hasn't he, you know?
And they lived thousands of years.
Some of them do, some of them are almost
eternal, some live a thousand years or more.
So basically he named her after the flower.
And you think about that and you go wow
these guys have been around a long time.
And tinkering with.
And that's what they do, they create life.
And beauty.
Exactly and so it all tied...
When I thought about it, I said, God these guys
have been terraforming.
And they've been working with planets
and genetics for thousands and thousands of years.
You know probably millions of years.
Mmhmm.
From what I understand, so.
And Pleiadians are probably the most commonly known.
Certainly the grays, the reptilians, the Pleiadians
are the most commonly known.
What are some of the other beings you've encountered
that are maybe less commonly known.
Who are the ones with the feline faces?
The felines, yeah, there's fifth dimensional
felines, six dimensional, and seventh dimensional
that I've experienced.
There could be more I don't know, but the ones...
The fifth dimension ones, what happened was I went
out of body on a ship and I was just doing a deep
meditation and I just started thinking about
these ships up there and who's on them.
And the next you know, I was on it.
And you know we have a physical body
and a personality, but we're really a spirit
that can go anywhere once we realize that.
Once we get unhooked a little bit.
And so I ended up on this ship and I just saw
this beautiful blonde with her back to me.
And I was going whoa who's that?
You're still a guy.
Exactly and so I just looked at her and
she just looked beautiful from the back.
And she stands up, incredible, beautiful body.
Everything stands up and turns around and
she's got more of a cat human face.
Yes with little kitty ears.
Yeah and she just runs to me and just
gives me this big hug, like long lost brotherly hug.
It was the most loving thing, I just melted.
And I didn't have a chance to even deal with the
fact that this was a feline.
This was a humanoid feline being.
And most people think you're absolutely crazy.
This has come up a lot throughout history.
It is in certainly some of the artwork of the Egyptians.
It's come in photographs that have phased in
here around the property.
Exactly and you know we have pictures of the
sixth dimensional felines.
And I've had paintings done of the other ones.
And I did research on it after that and I found out
that in ancient times they called them Narsingra in India.
They were the benevolent protectors.
And they prayed to Narsringa.
And you had Sekma in Egypt.
Mmhmm.
Which was more of a lion, more of the lion type.
And then you have, is it Bost or something?
But there's all these different feline beings, you know?
The jaguar and it's like...
And what I noticed about these beings is some of
them can go down on all fours and just move.
I mean, they can run on two legs or on all fours.
They're incredibly agile.
You know, very graceful, very agile.
Is there a consistency to the kind of energy
and the information that they bring, regardless
of which dimension they're from?
It is, the consistency is you just feel
this love emanating from them.
And some of them are a little more playful you know?
Some are more playful and just wanna have fun.
And some are more down to business.
But they're all in service.
That's what I've noticed, that they're all in service mode.
And some are initiators, you know?
They don't mess around.
They just come in and boom, and you blow open.
And all of a sudden, you have all your memories back.
And they're very intense.
And then they're done, they move on.
You know, to work with somebody else.
And then some you have lifelong connections
and other life connections and things like that
that you carry with you.
And you connect with them again and that's
what I see is that we have to get away from...
You know I said in the talk, we have to get
out of this meat sack program that we're doing you know?
Yes.
Is that you're not just a meat sack here.
You know, you're basically a spirit and you're
a multidimensional spirit.
And you've been around forever.
And you've been these other beings.
And your spirit has inhabited these other bodies.
And so when we understand that and really accept that
then we can start having all of these other experiences
'cause we're ready for it.
And we just have to get away from this exclusivity
box game we have going on, separation game.
Which is been perpetuated with intention to keep
us in this very small mind set.
And need to discover that multidimensional aspect.
You know, nobody has an exclusive on God
or E.T.'s or anything else.
There's a lot of them that say they do.
And they are the way, and the path.
And everything else.
But it's a way, and a path.
Yes.
But it's not...
There's no exclusives.
And there's a lot of confusion going back into
multidimensionality versus something with
dimension and density that we can see
as third dimensional bodies and
sensory systems as this time.
And the notion that we can see the Pleiadians
with our eyes, however the beings, when they
come here, are not of that dimension.
No, they do a jump.
The earth is multidimensional.
The Pleiadian planet's those are multidimensional.
Mmhmm.
So maybe talk about this a little bit.
And let's talk about the Arcturions.
Let's talk about this notion of density you can see
and beings that are not of that density that show up here.
Yeah, what's happened is there's worlds within
worlds within worlds and timelines and all
these other things going on.
It's not just this little 3D physical reality.
And we see a little tiny piece of the visible
light spectrum, basically is all we can see,
and experience.
But there's things going on all around us always.
And your eyes are picking up billions of bits
of information, but your brain is choosing
out of that what's gonna be it's reality.
What it has reference points for.
And so there's a big misnomer of,
"I'll believe it when I see it."
It actually has been reversed.
Exactly.
You have to be open to it and aware
of what's out there.
And then you start having the experiences.
But there's going on here, I mean we have little
beings, you know little fairies and gnomes
and things like that cruising around here all the time.
Some people actually see them.
A lot of the kids see them.
And some people photograph them.
Get photographs of them and things like that.
There's masters walking around on the property.
Yes I saw that the other night.
I saw some rather tall beautiful kind of a lavender
violet beings walking amongst the people.
Oh yeah, we have photographs of a woman
sitting in her chair and she's just totally engulfed
in this beautiful lavender energy.
Oh okay, so my mind wasn't playing tricks on me here.
No, no they got a bunch of photographs.
When we did the Intention experiment, all this energy
dropped down in and this multidimensional energy came in
So that was quite interesting.
When I was looking at that...
What it seemed is that these beings were simply
very gently walking amongst everyone.
Mmhmm.
And as you're experiencing them, it only comes
more in the form of heightened awareness
or understanding or able to take and assimilate
information on a higher level.
And their presence was allowing that.
Exactly and after it happened the woman.
You know the woman it happened to, I talked to her
and she said, "This is so weird."
She goes, "After that happened to me, I'm like
"talking to trees."
And you know she said that, "I'm finding that
"everything is alive, everything is conscious."
And she goes, "I don't know what to do with this."
Amazing.
And I said well just have fun with it.
You know, don't be attached, just flow with it.
That's wonderful.
I said there's nothing wrong with you,
that everything is conscious.
If you get back into the most ancient times,
they knew that, you know, they're fully aware.
So there's one of the violet beings and then you
have the little fairies.
And do they look like little fairies?
Or what do these little tiny beings look like?
Yeah there are little nature spirits flying around here
and they've got the wings and everything else.
I had a psychologist here.
And she didn't believe in any of this stuff basically.
And one flew right up in her face.
And was sitting there fluttering.
And she had a man next to her and they both saw it.
And she goes, it freaked her out.
She goes, "This is crazy, I can't believe this."
She goes, "I medicate people for this you know?"
Now what an eye opener that is for her.
How must that have changed her practice in life.
And I told her that.
I said, you know what, you need to stop
medicating people and start supporting people.
In these experiences, because...
I said you have a choice now.
You're either gonna have to medicate yourself
or you're gonna have to start changing the nature
of your work.
Yeah that was good that you were
bold enough to say that to her, absolutely.
Well now what about the Arcturians.
I brought it up a couple times 'cause you don't
hear that often, about the Arcturions.
They're very, very advanced beings.
One of them that I saw, was wearing robes.
More of an energy being that I saw.
And when you looked into his eyes,
there was clouds moving by.
There was like a whole universe inside of this being
or something it was really...
And they're often big and blue.
Mmhmm.
And there's different...
What's happening is like when we say in andromnids.
People go, well what are the androminids look like?
Well I've seen some of them that are mythologically
known as archangels.
They have magnetized light bodies.
They have huge energy bands coming out behind them.
Very powerful beings that come in.
Then there's some blue ones.
And there's some little andromonids.
You know there's some small little beings.
Oh interesting, mmhmm.
You know, so it's a big galaxy.
And we can't pigeonhole.
Just like Orion, you know, there's an Orion
Council of Light and there's some beings that
aren't so friendly that come from Orion.
Yes and that's where the confusion comes in.
Yeah.
And that's really where when we started this
conversation, it comes down to where is your own
heart and mind, what is it aligned with?
And that's what you're going to experience.
And also self authority too.
Learning discernments, spiritual discernment.
Learning how to heal unseen negative
influences and setting boundaries and remaining
in your own self authority are very important if you're
gonna playing in these other dimensions.
Absolutely, well James any final thoughts?
I know you have Carol Rossen's gonna be
beaming in, where is from, southern cal or Ecuador?
I think she's in Oregon now.
Oh she's in Oregon?
Okay so she's coming in via live streaming
in a few minutes here.
Any final thoughts?
I just...
I've been looking forward to this conversation
with you on camera.
Oh yeah?
Well basically we are in for a wild ride here.
And it's an interdimensional one.
And we're gonna see change on every level.
So it's important that everybody make their
own personal connection with source or spirit.
And develop their own inner guidance.
And go with that flow you know?
Prepare with loving attachment or detachment,
on every level.
Because we are gonna be going with a major
flow of energy coming in.
And we have to go with it.
And you can choose the quality of that experience.
Yeah, I always say the earth is ascending.
She's moving to the next level.
And resistance is futile.
You're either gonna frequency specific and go with her
or not, you know.
You'll have another reality.
You'll have another experience somewhere else.
Yeah, thank you so much James.
Alright, thank you.
For more background on James' life and work,
you can take a look at our first interview together.
If the subject intrigues you and you would like
to have an experience firsthand or simply talk
with like minded people, you can visit James'
site at eceti.org.
Meanwhile, we have more on the subject
in our interviews with Stephen Bassett,
Barbara Marciniak, Darryl Anka, and Kim Carlsberg.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(mysterious music)